one of the most important things on any
walking trip is to have really good
Footwear that fits properly and that
you're going to be comfortable in aldi
if you've got sore uncomfortable feet
with blisters that it can ruin a walking
trip really really quickly so we're
going to have a quick look at some of
the walking shoes that are appropriate
and some of the things aren't quite so
appropriate for your walking trip good
pair of walking socks is really really
important I'd like to use a rule-based
sock I've got a set of smartwool socks
here which i use summer and winter you
get different weeks depending on how
worn you want them to be I find them
incredibly comfortable one of the
important things is that the sock fits
you well if they're too big and you end
up with extra bulkiness at the tool or
the heel riding halfway up your ankle
and that's going to be very
uncomfortable to walk in if you choose
just a normal Cochran sock then they get
quite hot sweaty they get way too once
the way at least a wet and they tend to
rub your feet inside your boots and
create blisters quite quickly so a good
set of rule based walking socks is
probably the best thing you can binds as
I walk are waterproof trail shoe they're
fantastic shoes they're great for
traveling to the Corson and also walking
around in the evenings but they're not
particularly great for the kind of
walking that we tend to do on our trips
even the easy trips you want something
with a little bit more support something
a little bit more durable and something
that's going to keep you a bit drier as
well this is the perfect kind of walking
boot to bring on one of our trips even
on the easy trips you're likely to
encounter wet and rocky terrain so you
want a good boot
gives you good ankle support it's
waterproof it's got a really good solid
saw on it as well and something like
this is going to protect your feet it's
going to keep you warm before you come
on a trip it's really important that you
had an opportunity to break your walking
boots in you want to buy them a good few
weeks prior to coming away on your trip
and then have the opportunity to wear
them around there by the house walking
down the street and then try and get out
on some walks in them as well to make
sure that you've gone through that
breathing in process